hey Jim jams how's it going you lovely
bunch of coconuts it's me Jimmy two days
ago I gave myself food poisoning
I sent me ate some ham that was out of
date I mean I knew what I was doing when
I was eating the ham it's not like it
fell in my mouth and I ate it although
that does happen a lot I didn't realize
it was out of date that's really
accidentally bit comes in I hate the ham
intentionally hate the ham it was in a
sandwich I wasn't just eating raw ham
like an animal check the packet
afterwards and saw that it was 11 days
out-of-date so it tasted fine don't
worry I'm okay now although I've just
been reading on the internet and I could
have a tapeworm I had to get a train
across town so I got on the tube and
felt fine
suddenly though got a bit cold which is
unusual on an underground train so
they're normally ridiculously hot went
really cold then went really hot the
alarm bells were ringing in there this
is unusual and they're going through the
menopause
am i a middle aged woman no I'm not
suddenly felt really really shaky and I
kind of was a bit confused about where I
was so I sat on the floor because there
were no seats it was really busy I just
thought to myself it seemed okay at the
time I'll just have a little sit down no
one will notice I'll be okay it remind
me of a time when I was on the train at
the end of last year it was around
Christmas and this woman who I think
just been to an office Christmas party
because she was dressed in a work
clothes which was really really drunk
and she was sat in the chair she slumped
over like this and I could tell she was
drunk she's doing that thing that drunk
people where they can't really open
their eyes but they moved their head
around like that - to try and seem alert
as if that makes them seem less drunk I
could tell she was going to be sick so I
was expecting her to leave the Train
that's the sensible thing to do six or
seven stops past until finally she blows
she does a full on sick into her own
handbag she opens it she even unzipped
it opened it up more I thought that's
disgusting
and brilliant so well done I was
obviously concerned so I said oh excuse
me are you okay do you need help and she
just replied fuck off
as if I'm the weirdo as if I'm the
creepy guy on the train who just started
talking to a stranger yeah no you're
right I was out of order asking if
you're okay after you've just vomited in
your own how am I going to do it again
the best thing was she started fishing
around in the sick filled handbag pulled
out a lipstick and put some on so yeah
that will sort that will undo that
damage fine no problem probably go back
out again going up into the glass of
wine after that just a bit of lipstick
it's fine please don't forget to vote
for Jimmy in the king of the web the
address is in the description below you
can abort 10 times a day and every
thought to really does count as bodies
are sort of like humans but they've had
every single emotion removed from